# Sample-Codes

Two_Fluid_relativistic.py is a code wirtten in Python that solves the TOV equations for a Two-Fluid model with a relativistic EoS for the DM. The way that works is by inserting a specific dm particle mass (m_x) and a specific interaction of DM particles (z) and two specific central pressures for DM and OM (Ordinary Matter). Also, specifying a fraction (f) for the DM pressure in terms of total pressure (when you want to derive the M-R diagram) helps you to have a relation between p_b and p_x (baryonic and dm pressure) in order to derive the M-R diagram because you need the two central pressures for each fluid.

Not only that, but I have also included the derivation of the M-R diagram for the NS-DM admixed configurations. It also includes the solution of TOV for an ordinary NS and a Dark Star and the plotting of the resulted M-R diagrams.

The TOV_Solver.py code is a simple code that contains a class which solves the TOV equations for a single configuration and for deriving the M-R diagram. In more details: when creating an object you need to insert a filename (array-like EoS) as an argument. Now you can use two different methods for creating a single configuration, given the central pressure as argument, and another for deriving the M-R diagram, given the starting p_c, ending p_c and the number of points for the grid.

The EoS_maker.py contains the classes which you can use to create the EoS for neutron and dark matter. If you just want to create those EoS and use them afterwards, instead of searching the Two_Fluid.py or event the TOV_Solver.py for the simple EoS interpolation, I have gathered the necessary code and created three classes for the EoS creation. The Ordinary matter EoS is not exactly created, rather interpolated because you need a function in order to use at the TOV afterwards. So given the filename of the array-like data (shaped like rho|e_rho|p_b) you can receive the interpolated EoS in the end. For the second and third class, I added the DM EoS creation, relativistic and non-relativistic (in case the particle is too heavy and thus non-relativistic). Simply give the interaction z and the dm particle mass mx and then receive at the end the EoS function for dm.

For those who don't know what EoS is, it is simply a relation between the Energy density E and Pressure P, in simple terms the E(P) function which is needed for the TOV afterwards. (This can also work if you go P(E), but I choose to work with E(P)).
